# The-hospitality-business-Price-Prediction.
The main objective of this paper is to
provide the customers facile access to house or room
in best locations at affordable price rather than paying
eccentric prices who uses Airbnb. Not only the
customers probing for a stay but also for people who
are inclined to give their houses for rent on a circadian
substructure. This paper would avail them to get a
conception of how much their house is worth instead
of fixing price on their own without concerning
customer reviews and costing customers hefty.

The networked hospitality business was not even
considered as a topic of interest for commercial business
few years back. And now, Airbnb is considered as the
largest hospitality service provider with the profit rate of
2.6 billion in the year 2017. And organizations started
realizing the extend and in depth of networked hospitality
business after the outcome generated by Airbnb. The main
motive of tourist is to experience the originality with
household facilities and spending money economically,
and they easily prefer Airbnb as it satisfies all customer
conditions. By associating with Airbnb, the host rent their
house based on short period of time and based on low cost
when comparing with high end hotels, which results in
win-win situation for both travellers, hosts and company
as well.

I have analysed the data in
depth and used various visualization tools and techniques
to represent the data in to user understandable format.
And we analysed in depth about customers reviews and
the difficulties face by customers in finding
accommodation in New York city. The data behind the
Inside Airbnb site is sourced from publicly available
information from the Opensoft site. Dataset consist of
reviews such as host response rate, host response time,
number of people accommodated, number of rooms, bed
type, prices based on days/weeks and months, availability
reviews about particular place, review score value and
reviews per month.


